<b>Keep Swiss COVID certificates easily and securely on your mobile phone</b>

COVID Certificate is the official app for storing and presenting Swiss COVID certificates. It is developed by the Federal Office of Information Technology, Systems and Telecommunication FOITT on behalf of the Federal Office of Public Health.

In Switzerland, people who have been vaccinated, or who have tested negative or recovered from COVID can apply for a COVID certificate.

COVID certificates are issued in hard copy or electronic format serve as proof of: 

1. Vaccination against COVID-19
2. Recovery from Sars-CoV-2 infection
3. A negative result following Sars-CoV-2 test analysis

<b>How the app works</b>

When the app is first launched after installation on the mobile device, a brief introduction provides information on how to use it and how to scan a hard-copy COVID certificate.

In the app, the required COVID certificate can be selected, and presented if desired. The app shows whether, from when and for how long the COVID certificate is valid. All data contained in a certificate's QR code can also be displayed.

It is possible to store several COVID certificates in the app, e.g. for family members, or several COVID test certificates.

Use of the COVID Certificate app is voluntary and free of charge.

<b>Check a COVID certificate yourself</b>

You can use the app to check a saved COVID certificate yourself. This verification process checks the electronic signature of the certificate and compares the certificate's validity period with the current date. These are the same checks that are used for the verification of certificates in the COVID Certificate Check app.

<b>Data protection is a top priority</b>

COVID certificate data is stored solely on the mobile device. COVID certificates are protected by a digital seal (signature) and are thus forgery-proof.

COVID certificates are generated by the FOITT, but are not stored in a central system. That is why it is not possible to obtain a copy of an issued certificate.

The use of the app is limited to Switzerland and is subject to Swiss law.